---
layout: post
title: "Weds October 16th 2024 - Navigating the job market & the importance of testers
"
date: 2024-05-15 12:00:00
categories: events
comments: false
---

## Timings

* 18:30 – Join us for a chat
* 19:00 – Introduction
* 19:05 – How to Manage Imposter Syndrome and Navigate the Job Market with Confidence - Chris Talbot
* 19:35 – Why testers are still important - a developer’s perspective - Syed Ali
* 20:15ish – End

Free tickets are available on Meetup.  
<br><button>[RSVP on Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/leedsphp/events/302078122/)</button>

<hr/>

# The Talks

## How to Manage Imposter Syndrome and Navigate the Job Market with Confidence

### Chris Talbot

>In this talk, we’ll dive into the concept of imposter syndrome, examining its prevalence within the tech industry and how it can hinder career growth. We’ll explore practical strategies for managing it, empowering you to overcome self-doubt and move forward with confidence. Along the way, we’ll cover essential tips for crafting a standout CV, mastering interview preparation, and navigating the often daunting world of technical tests.
<hr/>


## Why testers are still important - a developer’s perspective

### Syed Ali

>I once worked for a CTO who said “I don’t see the point in testers”. So after I picked myself up from the floor from a heart attack, I then had another one once I saw the Sentry errors. But since then, I’ve noticed a trend. Now I see more people saying testers are no longer useful in a world where developers should be writing unit tests and functional tests (which they should! but its not a replacement), and testers getting the blame for a poor launch and bugs “not being found” (looking at you CD Projekt Red!) In this talk, I want to talk about why I believe dedicated testers are still important, and should be part of every dev team.
<hr/>

Free tickets are available on Meetup.
<br><button>[RSVP on Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/leedsphp/events/302078122)</button>
