---
layout: post
title: "Weds April 17th 2024 - Bear.Sunday & Resiliency"
date: 2024-04-17 12:00:00
categories: events
comments: false
---

## Timings

* 18:30 – Join us for a chat
* 19:00 – Introduction
* 19:05 – Bear.Sunday a different approach to PHP frameworks - Richard McIntyre
* 19:35 – How resilient are you? An alternative view of resilience and why you are more resilient than you think. - Emma Brassington
* 20:15ish – End

Free tickets are available on Meetup.  
<br><button>[RSVP on Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/leedsphp/events/299957228/)</button>

<hr/>

# The Talks

## Bear.Sunday a different approach to PHP frameworks

### Richard McIntyre

> There are many PHP frameworks, many are MVC based frameworks such as Symfony or Laravel. Previously Blog/CMS style solutions such as Drupal or Wordpress were also popular. Rich will show you how BEAR.Sunday takes a completely different approach and will show you how embracing powerful design patterns can make your code cleaner and delivering scalable software.
<hr/>


## How resilient are you? An alternative view of resilience and why you are more resilient than you think.

### Emma Brassington

> Resilience is our ability to bounce back when things don’t go the way we want them to. And we’re much better at bouncing back when we look after ourselves and get better at tuning in to our needs.In this talk I’ll share how this shift in definition of resilience along with some fundamental ideas around how we experience the world have changed my life and those of my clients - and how it’s helped me through the tough times and led to me taking more risks, doing things I’d never imagine as well as discovering much more fun and balance in my life.
<hr/>

Free tickets are available on Meetup.
<br><button>[RSVP on Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/leedsphp/events/299957228/)</button>
