---
layout: post
title: "Weds Nov 20th 2024 - Code Reviews and Make Your Own Luck"
date: 2024-11-19 12:00:00
categories: events
comments: false
---

## Timings

* 18:30 – Join us for a chat
* 19:00 – Introduction
* 19:05 – Code Reviews! Are they worth it? - Graham Cook
* 19:35 – Make Your Own Luck in an Uncertain World - Philip Foxton
* 20:15ish – End

Free tickets are available on Meetup.  
<br><button>[RSVP on Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/leedsphp/events/302078176/)</button>

<hr/>

# The Talks

## Code Reviews! Are they worth it?

### Graham Cook

> Code reviews. Love them or hate them, they're something that most good engineering teams do. But how well understood is the process and the potential benefits, not just for the resulting code, but for the team itself? In this talk, I’d like to suggest a framework for getting the most out of code reviews, that can address the ‘soft’ skill side of code review just as much as the ‘tech’ aspect. We will, of course, cover the sorts of broad areas a good review should examine, looking at some examples of the sorts of things it should spot. But I would also like to discuss some other aspects of code review that are often overlooked. For example, a code review can be seen as a valuable piece of peer feedback and can become a great method of knowledge sharing across the team as a whole. Whether you’re an experienced tech lead/team lead, or an associate developer just getting to grips with the process, there are more benefits to be had than just the delivered ticket.
<hr/>

## Make Your Own Luck in an Uncertain World

### Philip Foxton

> The IT market is going through a bit of turmoil right now due to various reasons. Many people are facing an uncertain future. This talk gives you the tools to manage your career.
<hr/>

Free tickets are available on Meetup.
<br><button>[RSVP on Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/leedsphp/events/302078176)</button>
